Hi everyone. So today I'm going to be
going over the Leta Code GitHub action.
So this makes it really easy to turn any
existing Leta Code agent into basically
a background agent. So you can get the
agent to run on different issues or
review PRs and it all runs inside of
GitHub actions. So I'm going to be going
through the setup and then also show you
how you can actually interact with the
agent and also customize the agent. So
I've created a fork of our Leta Code
repo. um called let code testing and I'm
basically going to install the GitHub
action into this repo so that we can use
agents to work inside of here. And I've
already installed Leta Code. Um I
recommend doing this with Leta Code
already installed since we actually
recently added a new command to make it
really easy to install this action. So I
can do install GitHub app and then this
is essentially a wizard that will walk
me through the setup process. So I can
either choose um choose doing the
existing repository or in this case I'm
going to do a different one. So leta
code testing. And then oh one thing I
forgot to mention is that you do want to
have the GitHub CLI already installed
and set up with um the right
credentials. Um so I already have that
installed so my agent will be able to
access my repos with the GitHub CLI.
So I selected the repo. Um and I
actually can use my current existing
agent. I would actually generally
recommend this because your current
agent probably already has a lot of
memory and information um about your
repository. So if you already have an
existing agent, definitely recommend
using that. Um but just for the sake of
this demo, I'm going to just create a
new agent so that I can kind of show you
the process of customizing that agent
and then also uh training that agent
with some initial memory.
And then we'll just keep the existing
name. And then now it's basically just
going to um set up this agent for me. So
it's basically retrieving information
from the repository. Um it's going to
create a branch and when it's done it
should basically um create like a a PR
for me to um open up. So now let code
has opened up this poll request for me.
So this is basically a poll request
that's going to add a workflow for
enabling um calling let code agents from
this repository. Um so it just kind of
has some background on what this is and
then also instructions on how to
actually use let code. So you just do
atleta code. Um so I'm just going to
create this pull request
and then merge this pull request. So now
that we have let code installed, we can
try creating an issue to use let code.
So I'm just going to do something a
little silly for the sake of the demo.
Um so move all sub agents to use opus
4.6.
work on this and create a PR. So, in
general, you're going to want to add
like a lot more detail than I'm actually
adding in here. Um, kind of think of it
as like delegating a task to human. You
want to ideally be as specific as you
can um and be very instructive, but
that's not always ne necessary.
So now that I've tagged let a code in
this issue, this will essentially um
start up a GitHub action which will call
the let code agent inside of that GitHub
action so that the agent can essentially
work on this issue.
So you can see that let code is now
working and I can actually go view this
job run.
So this is basically the GitHub action
getting started um installing let code
um invoking the Asia and stuff like
that. So, if I want to view my agent's
progress, I can basically click on this
link.
And then inside of this AD view, I can
actually see what this agent's been up
to. So, I can see the initial prompt
that the agent was given. So, this is
basically a bunch of built-in
instructions that we have for the agent.
So, this is like a system reminder. Um
and then uh you can see that basically
this agent realized that it's been
invoked um with this trigger. So it's
been asked to move all subject agents to
opus 4.6. Um and then it gets like a
bunch of details about you know what
environment it's in. Um and so yeah, you
can kind of see it basically like you
know reading through all the different
files in the repository to basically
work on this task. And again, because
this is just a normal Letter code agent,
you can, as you always would, basically
edit the model or like edit um even the
prompts um inside of this UI. And then
every single time you invoke the agent
from an issue, it'll actually create a
new conversation. So you can see that um
these are basically the issues that
we've had the agent work on. You can see
the unique conversation ID. So you can
even resume this conversation locally
using this ID. Um, and if this agent
creates a PR from this issue, then the
same conversation will be continued.
Versus if you trigger or invoke the
agent for the first time on a PR or for
the first time on an issue, then it'll
create a new conversation.
So, I can see that this agent's
continuing to um make progress on this
task and is basically updating this
issue as it makes progress. Um, so I'm
just going to kind of wait for it to
complete. So, while we're waiting for
this to finish, I'm actually going to
work on customizing this agent and
essentially starting up its memory. Um,
we just created this agent. So, this
agent has no memory. Um, if we look into
the actual like core memory section, we
can see that there's, you know, not a
lot going on. Um, so I'm actually going
to bring this agent locally to help it
bootstrap its memory. So to use the
GitHub actions agent locally, all I have
to do is just let a d-- agent and then
this agent ID.
So this is the GitHub actions agent and
I'm going to actually make sure that we
have messes enabled. So this is our new
um memory feature. This should probably
be enabled by default actually for this
agent. Um but I'm just going to make
sure that this new memory system is
enabled.
And then now I'm basically going to go
through the process of revising this
agent's memory and then also adding some
customization. So if we kind of look at
the current state of memory, yeah,
there's literally nothing. Um, so I'm
just going to run init. So this is going
to help the agent bootstrap its memory
by giving it some time to actually
explore the repository um, and kind of
learn some new things. So I generally
recommend running this with all agents.
Um, you want your agents to have some
time to kind of process the existing
repository for memories, decide all
their memory structure, and ideally it's
like a very interactive process. So,
this is kind of some time that you
should spend with new agents to help
them kind of learn about your work and
your preferences, stuff like that. Um,
so that that agent can be a lot more
tailored to your own work. So, I'm just
going to do a standard review. I'm going
to skip the history analysis.
Um let's do frequent tur. Okay. So my
agent has created an initial set of
memory um files. And then I'm actually
also going to ask it um can you make
sure in your persona
to
create some
code review guidelines for yourself
or in another file.
Okay. So now it's making a new file for
itself.
So now that my agent has essentially um
you know done this code review, I can
actually go back into the ad to view
this agent.
And so you can see if I open up the
memory that now it has this full um file
tree of its memory files. Um so the
agent the memories that the agent
created locally are now actually also on
the remote server. So for future issues
where we um invoke the agent from the
GitHub action again, it'll actually have
all this memory that we created together
with the agent.
And of course we can always hop back to
that original conversation. Um so one
thing I'll note is that uh the agent
will not necessarily always immediately
see the new memories. Um since we
sometimes will delay the recompilation
of the system prompt to avoid cache
evictions. Um so it's only on
compactions, new conversations or
message resets um that all the memory
gets reflected. Uh but of course if we
create a new issue then that will create
a new conversation. So on the next run
the agent will have all this memory. So
it seems like this agent is spending a
really long time writing tests. Um but
we can just go ahead and create this PR.
So I can create this
And then I can basically see like oh
these all these changes that this agent
made. So basically it modified all the
existing default um agent types or sub
aent types and updated it to be opus
which is not actually something that we
want but just a really easy way to kind
of see a simple change that the let code
agent can make. So now that I have this
PR um from the agent, I can actually go
back and forth with the agent um to
continue the same conversation by just
doing um at let a code inside of this
PR. But what I can also do is I can even
resume the conversation with that same
agent. So to resume the agent locally, I
can actually just copy that conversation
command.
And so this is the same agent that was
basically running inside of that GitHub
actions runner. Um, so I can ask it a
question like, hey, did you add any
testing in the end?
So I guess it's doing a conversation
search to basically review um its whole
trajectory.
And so it says that it did run the
existing tests, but it did not add any
new tests. So this kind of matches up to
um what we see in the PR where it
changed a bunch of things, but it didn't
actually add any tests. So yeah, you can
basically um chat with the agent here.
You can chat with it from in here and
it'll be the same conversation. You can
even talk to it from the AD though in
that case it won't really have any
environment to run inside of. Um, so I
would kind of recommend using the AD for
only viewing viewing only.
So yeah, the let code GitHub action is a
great way to basically interact with
Leta Code agents um, and have them run
in the background without you having to
run them on your local machine. But the
great thing about them is because
they're stateful, you can actually um
bring that same conversation back to
your local machine to essentially
interact with the agent or understand or
give them feedback um for whatever that
they might have been working on inside
of the GitHub action. The let code
GitHub action is a great way to just
have your Letter Code agents be running
in the background. And of course,
because the agents are stateful, you can
always just resume the same conversation
from the Letter Code CLI to basically
give the agent feedback or to understand
the decisions that they made. The Letter
Code agents running through the GitHub
action will also of course have access
to the same memories um that it builds
up locally or um remotely because all
the memories are synchronized through
the context repositories. We've been
using the lot of code GitHub action for
most of our repos. So definitely
recommend you check it out. Thanks.